>> Jen Kramer This video is just for
Windows people.
Mac people,
you have a same version of this video, but
it's a different segment that'll cover how
to install this program for Macintosh.
So if you are going to edit HTML,
CSS, and JavaScript files,
you need to have a piece of software
called an editor in order to do that.
And there are approximately 5 bajillion
kinds of code editors that are out there.
Some are Mac specific, PC specific, free,
paid, all kinds of different things.
We're gonna work with one that
is very popular at the moment.
This is called Visual Studio Code,
and it's put out by Microsoft.
You can visit their website
at code.visualstudio.com,
and this is how you go about installing
Visual Studio for your Windows computer.
So we're gonna go ahead and
go to the home page just like this,
look at the great big huge
green button over here.
And it says Download for
Windows, Stable Build.
Don't worry about the dropdown
over here and the other options,
we just want the stable build.
Go in ahead and click that,
and this should go ahead and
start downloading our piece of software.
So once that's in place,
we can just go on ahead and open it up.
>> Jen Kramer I'm gonna ask if we'd
like it to make changes to our device,
we're gonna say yes.
>> Jen Kramer And then we're going
to have our installation wizard.
So yes, we'd go Next.
Read through the agreement and
then accept it.
>> Jen Kramer This is gonna go ahead and
ask you where you'd like to install it.
I'm gonna leave it at
the default location.
It's gonna ask me what I should call it.
Visual Studio Code is a great name.
>> Jen Kramer If you wanna add any
of these additional options to this,
like creating an icon on your desktop,
or some of these other things,
feel free to check them off.
I'm going to ignore all of them.
Go ahead and say Next, and
then go ahead and hit the Install button.
So then this will go ahead and
install on your computer.
>> Jen Kramer So once you get to this
point and it's finished installing,
you can just make sure that box
here is checked off that says
Launch Visual Studio Code, and
then go ahead and click the Finish button.
And then that will go ahead and
open up the program for us.
>> Jen Kramer So if you see something like
this, then you're in the right place.
This happens to have some release
notes that have opened with it.
You may just see the welcome
screen that looks like this.
And if you get to that point,
you've done great.
That's exactly what you should see.
You may or may not see this note down here
at the bottom, you can just go ahead and
close that.
So the only other thing you might wanna
change at this point is the color scheme.
And the color scheme is
pretty easy to change.
If you go to File > Preferences,
then you'll notice that we have
the option here for a color theme.
Go ahead and choose that.
And there are a bunch of different
color themes that you can choose from.
Personally as I work on my own computer,
I like to have a lighter
theme with dark text.
I find that easier to look at and
work with.
So typically, I would choose one
of these color schemes up here.
Solarized Light is kind of
a nice one to start with.
But for filming purposes and
some other people's preferences,
they prefer a dark theme.
And so there are several of those options
that are here that you could choose.
I'm gonna stay with
the default dark theme, but
feel free to experiment with
the other ones if you like.
And then finally, I'd like to point
out that down here at the bottom,
there is a high contrast theme.
This may be helpful to some people with
certain types of visual disabilities, so
that high contrast theme may
be helpful for you also.
And of course, there's an option to
install many other color themes or
customize your own as well.
But you can waste a lot of time trying
to choose the right color scheme for
your editor.
I recommend just picking
either Solarized Light,
if you like light ones, or stick with
the default if you prefer a dark.
Go with the high contrast if you
need it for visual disabilities.